Update getting started section to include mention of processed objects (#101)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/getting_started.md

This section provides information on next steps you might take after downloading a dataset from the ScPCA portal.

We also have a separate GitHub repository that contains workflows for some common analysis performed on single-cell RNA-sequencing data.
These workflows are designed to apply the same analysis (e.g., clustering) across multiple samples in parallel.
These workflows and more resources for processing single-cell and single-nuclei datasets can be found in the [`scpca-downstream-analyses` repository](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses).

## Importing ScPCA data into R

Quantified single-cell or single-nuclei gene expression data is provided as an RDS file as described in the {ref}`single cell gene expression file contents section<sce_file_contents:single-cell gene expression file contents>`.

> There are three RDS files that are available for each library: an `_unfiltered.rds`, a `filtered.rds`, and a `processed.rds` file.

Reviewer: I removed the lone underscore (which I may have inserted). I couldn't decide if we shoudl ahve those, but we don't use them in most places, so better to just leave them all off.
```suggestion
There are three RDS files that are available for each library: an `unfiltered.rds`, a `filtered.rds`, and a `processed.rds` file.
```

The `unfiltered.rds` file contains the gene expression data for all droplets, regardless of the presence of a cell or not.
The `filtered.rds` files contains the gene expression data for only droplets that are likely to contain cells, removing any probable empty droplets.
See the {ref}`section on filtering cells<processing_information:filtering cells>` for more information on how we remove potential empty droplets.

> The `normalized.rds` files are further filtered to remove any low quality cells and contains both the raw and normalized gene expression data for the identified cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `processed.rds` files are further filtered to remove any low quality cells and contain both the raw and normalized gene expression data for the identified cells.
```

library(SingleCellExperiment)
# read in the RDS file, including the path to the file's location
processed_sce <- readRDS("SCPCS000000/SCPCL000000_processed.rds")
```

More resources for learning about `SingleCellExperiment` objects:

- [`SingleCellExperiment` objects Vignette](https://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html) on working with `SingleCellExperiment` objects
- [Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis chapter on the `SingleCellExperiment` class](http://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html)

## Working with the processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects

> The `processed` objects contain both the raw and normalized gene expression data, so many of the steps described in the section below can be skipped.

Reviewer: This sentence seems oddly placed to me. I think you are referring to the "working with filtered" section, but that isn't really obvious. This can probably be removed with the link to the processing description moved up?

These objects have already undergone quality control, removing low quality cells, normalization, and then dimensionality reduction like principal component analysis and UMAP.
See the description of the {ref}`processed gene expression data <processing_information:Processed gene expression data>` for more information on the `processed` objects.

The following command can be used to grab the normalized counts assay:

```r
# grab the log normalized data from the processed object
normalized_counts <- logcounts(processed_sce)
```

These objects also contain a list of highly variable genes identified for the given library.
These can be accessed using the following command:

```r
highly_variable_genes <- metadata(processed_sce)$highly_variable_genes

> ```

Reviewer: I might put this after the PCA, as the initial point of this list is to identify the genes that were used for PCA. If these are ranked (they are, correct?) then we should also mention that this list is ordered, as that would be useful information for use outside that context.

Dimensionality reduction results can be accessed using the following command:

```r
# extract principal component results
pca_results <- reducedDim(processed_sce, "PCA")

# extract UMAP results
umap_results <- reducedDim(processed_sce, "UMAP")
```

This data is immediately ready for clustering and further analysis to answer biological questions of interest.

See these resources for more information on clustering:
 - [Clustering chapter in Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis](http://bioconductor.org/books/3.14/OSCA.basic/clustering.html)
 - [Quantifying clustering behavior in Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis](https://bioconductor.org/books/release/OSCA.advanced/clustering-redux.html#quantifying-clustering-behavior)

## Working with the filtered `SingleCellExperiment` objects

If you prefer to work with the `filtered` objects and perform the quality control and normalization yourself, see below for details on working with these objects.

> ### Quality control

Reviewer: I think all this is fine to keep, but I wonder how much of it we really need it at this point? i.e. should we just assume that people who are using the filtered data know what they are doing?

library(SingleCellExperiment)
# read in the RDS file, including the path to the file's location
processed_sce <- readRDS("SCPCS000000/SCPCL000000_processed.rds")
```

More resources for learning about `SingleCellExperiment` objects:

- [`SingleCellExperiment` objects Vignette](https://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/vignettes/SingleCellExperiment/inst/doc/intro.html) on working with `SingleCellExperiment` objects
- [Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis chapter on the `SingleCellExperiment` class](http://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html)

## Working with the processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects

> The `SingleCellExperiment` objects stored in the `_processed.rds` files have already undergone quality control to remove low quality cells, normalization, and dimensionality reduction such as principal component analysis and UMAP.

Reviewer: I broke this into two sentences, as it seemed a bit off
```suggestion
The `SingleCellExperiment` objects stored in the `processed.rds` files have undergone additional quality control steps to remove low quality cells.
In addition,  normalized expression counts and dimensionality reduction (principal component analysis and UMAP) have been calculated.
```

> The following commands can be used to access the raw and normalized counts matrices:

Reviewer: The double plural seems odd to me.
```suggestion
The following commands can be used to access the raw and normalized count matrices:
```

```r
# the raw counts matrix stored in the processed object
raw_counts <- counts(processed_sce)

# log normalized counts matrix stored in the processed object
normalized_counts <- logcounts(processed_sce)
```

Dimensionality reduction results can be accessed using the following command:

```r
# extract principal component results
pca_results <- reducedDim(processed_sce, "PCA")

# extract UMAP results
umap_results <- reducedDim(processed_sce, "UMAP")
```

Principal components were calculated from a set of highly variable genes identified for a given library.
The list of highly variable genes used for this calculation, in order from highest to lowest variation, is stored in the `metadata` of the `SingleCellExperiment` object.

> These can be accessed using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list can be accessed using the following command:
```
